obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\Release\AWB Plugin.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
obj\Debug\AWB Plugin.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
obj\Release\Resources.resources
obj\Release\AboutBox.resources
bin\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll
bin\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.pdb
bin\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.xml
obj\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll
obj\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.xml
obj\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.pdb
bin\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll
bin\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.pdb
bin\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.xml
obj\Debug\AboutBox.resources
obj\Debug\Resources.resources
obj\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll
obj\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.xml
obj\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.pdb
bin\Release\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll.config
bin\Debug\Kingbotk AWB Plugin.dll.config
obj\Debug\Logging.resources
obj\Release\Logging.resources
obj\Release\PluginSettingsControl.resources
obj\Debug\PluginSettingsControl.resources
obj\Release\AWB.Plugins.SDKSoftware.Kingbotk.Components.LED.resources
obj\Debug\AWB.Plugins.SDKSoftware.Kingbotk.Components.LED.resources
obj\Release\TimerStats.resources
obj\Debug\TimerStats.resources
obj\Release\ManualAssessmentsInstructionsDialog.resources
obj\Debug\ManualAssessmentsInstructionsDialog.resources
obj\Release\AssessmentForm.resources
obj\Release\AssessmentComments.resources
obj\Debug\AssessmentComments.resources
obj\Debug\AssessmentForm.resources
obj\Debug\AustraliaSettings.resources
obj\Debug\MilHistSettings.resources
obj\Release\AustraliaSettings.resources
obj\Release\MilHistSettings.resources
obj\Release\GenericTemplateSettings.resources
obj\Release\GenericTemplatePropertiesForm.resources
obj\Debug\GenericTemplateSettings.resources
obj\Debug\GenericTemplatePropertiesForm.resources
bin\Release\Physics generic template.xml
bin\Debug\Physics generic template.xml
bin\Debug\WikiFunctions.dll
bin\Release\WikiFunctions.dll
bin\Release\Film generic template.xml
bin\Debug\Film generic template.xml
obj\Release\WPAlbumsSettings.resources
obj\Release\WPSongsSettings.resources
obj\Release\SettingsControlBase.resources
obj\Release\AWB.Plugins.SDKSoftware.Kingbotk.Components.WPBiographySettings.resources
obj\Debug\WPAlbumsSettings.resources
obj\Debug\AWB.Plugins.SDKSoftware.Kingbotk.Components.WPBiographySettings.resources
obj\Debug\SettingsControlBase.resources
obj\Debug\WPSongsSettings.resources
